hi guys and welcome back to train
simulator 2013 I believe this is episode
364 I hope you guys have enjoying this
because I have been enjoying every
moment I've been playing this game every
every moment where there's a train when
I was driving a train where occasionally
I was looking at a train sometimes
sideways glancing at a train thinking
about trains are dreaming of trains
contemplating of trains looking out the
windows of trains playing this game
while on the train uh playing this game
while on the plane that's not the same
thing but it's still about trains so
anyways I think this is like zombies or
something just in time for Halloween you
know that one thing that let holiday
apparently they're zombies although who
cares about the zombies because well
this is about trains guys so many trains
oh well who likes trains don't worry
don't worry we're gonna get to uh who
cares about story no one cares what
stories we only want to play with trains
because we love trains right please tell
me you love train to be if you can't
love trains like me then I just I don't
know who I can love anymore ah me I love
trains and train related up why are they
the same guy in every you know what
gives us yet let's just go okay they
seem slow whatever okay well I think I
can pilot the train uh where's doing
this with the you know what let's go I
don't know which way we're going
we're gonna just to look at this silent
wow these guys dude why do you look so
bored you're on the fucking train come
on be happy we're just gonna crank this
up nothing could possibly go wrong
nothing at all could possibly go wrong
we're gonna just we're gonna survive
this zombie apocalypse I don't know how
to change the camera with the controller
uh-oh no comeback train come back we
must oh hey are you guys enjoying the
train good everyone loves trains I don't
mind me I'm just having a train gasm you
know it's very nice night to have a
zombie apocalypse because we're all in
their training I think oh shit you know
you know this train I think we may have
slowed you down trade because we seem to
be coming down Oh God slow down slow
down ah we are gonna go off the rails oh
yeah slow down we don't have an
emergency brake this is horrible don't
worry though guys I'm sure we'll survive
a zombie apocalypse but you know because
we're in a train what better way than to
you know survived a zombie apocalypse
didn't rank wait was there well there's
a guy in there hi dude see he he's my
friend cuz he's in the back of the train
we're just gonna speed up a bit more go
I said go
we're gonna speed this up man nothing
could possibly go wrong in this zombie
apocalypse what else need a second what
and the guy fuck something up oh well
who cares ready train
i forget what i was doing again okay
we're just going to speed up again
come on we can do it we're going to go
to the zombie apocalypse because we're
gonna train let me look inside see what
what everyone's thinking about it's a
very nice place I'm guessing I'm the guy
that's retarded and sitting in the back
see this is where I would love to sit in
the train because it's not so important
but it's important enough to be in the
train this is outside the train that's
the other side of the train that is
leaving the Train combat-trained don't
leave me this is riding a train that is
me bumping into something and fucking it
up if we had to go the other way let's
try the other way I think we went the
wrong way oh well guess what guys that
was the best episode yet don't you think
we survived a zombie apocalypse except
not really you guys got to see a train
that was the best part about all of it
the best part about every little bit of
it don't worry though we'll try to beat
this in the next episode 365 I believe
of my 401 part series so we'll see you
guys soon thanks for watching hey
everyone I just wanted to take the time
to say Happy Halloween you guys great
it's just so nice i hope you get the all
the halloween candy wanted go have a
great party and all that fun stuff so
you know without the trains and
everything and then wait a second I
missed Halloween what the okay you know
what we're gonna scrap this idea
nevermind least no one saw it don't have
to work that son of a bitch